CONFIGURATION
1. Send newsletters from
2. Archive Type
3. Archive Directory
4. Expire Archived Newsletters
5. Receive subscription notices
6. Allow anonymous registrations
7. Auto-Approve registrations
8. Default Newsletter type
9. Default Frequency
10. Allow frequency changes
11. Send Day
12. Send Per Request
--------------------
13. Cron Support

--

1. address to send newsletters from. also sent as "reply to"

2. Flat file html document (slow) OR database (faster)

3. directory to store flat file archives

4. this option will remove "stale" archives after "x" number of months

5. email notification of new subscribers

6. Allow anonymous subscriptions

7. No admin approval required for new subscriptions. this field is disabled when anonymous registrations are allowed.

8. this option is selected by default.

9. The default frequency in which mailers are sent (weekly, monthly or yearly)

10. This option allows you to define a standard frequency for all users.

11. Day in which newsletters are sent out. This is helpful in marketing and also helps to prevent excess server load on "popular" days.

12. Send per request: Not all mailers are sent with each request (page load). This option helps to maintain server load and maintain user experience. This option should be set relative to traffic and subscribers. Example: if you get 1000 page loads a day and have 100 subscribers, setting this to 5 would send all newsletters that are queued to be sent after 20 page loads. It's best to set this number as low as possible.

13. The scheduler module, ported from Xaraya by Mark West is supported. the function is send_newsletters and it is not a GUI function. the parameters to pass are: scheduled=1,send_all=1  the second parameter is optional. if not set it will obey the Newsletter configuration. you may want to enable send_all if the cron is scheduled once a day or week, otherwise you can schedule the task every hour and disregard the send_all parameter.